# neuralnetworkdoubleODP
We present an actuarial claims reserving technique that takes into account both claim counts and claim amounts. Separate (over-dispersed) Poisson models for the claim counts and the claim amounts are combined by a joint embedding into a neural network architecture. As starting point of the neural network calibration we use exactly these two separate (over-dispersed) Poisson models. Such a nested model can be interpreted as a boosting machine. It allows us for joint modeling and mutual learning of claim counts and claim amounts beyond the two individual (over-dispersed) Poisson models.

One of the key tasks in general insurance is the estimation of the claims reserves required to cover future payments for claims that have occurred in the past.} Two of the most popular claims reserving techniques are Mack's distribution-free chain-ladder (CL) model, see \cite{Mack1993}, and the over-dispersed Poisson (ODP) model, see \cite{RV1998}.  Both models are solely based on past claim amount information. Under additional assumptions, see \cite{EV2002, Taylor2015, WM2015}, one can show that they provide the same claims reserves, hereinafter referred to as CL reserves, see \cite{HS1975, Kremer1985, Mack1991}.

{\color{magenta}In \cite{GRW2018} we showed how an ODP reserving model for claim amounts can be embedded into a neural network architecture. We started with a classical cross-classified ODP (ccODP) model for claim amounts. Then, this model was embedded into a neural network architecture, where as starting point of the neural network calibration we used exactly this ccODP model. This nested model allowed us to learn model structure beyond the classical ccODP model, leading to claims reserves which were closer to the true reserves than the CL reserves.

The purpose of this article is to present a claims reserving technique that takes into account both claim counts and claim amounts. We extend the embedding of the ccODP model for claim amounts of \cite{GRW2018} to a joint embedding of separate ccODP models for the claim counts and the claim amounts. The main reason for considering such a joint model is that adding claim counts information should improve the prediction of future claim amounts. The idea of jointly modeling claim counts and claim amounts is not new to the actuarial community, see for example the double chain-ladder model \cite{MNV2012}. However, in the double-chain ladder model there is no mutual learning between claim counts and claim amounts involved. Consequently, there is still room to learn additional model structure across these two sources of information.

We start with defining two separate ccODP models for the claim counts and the claim amounts. The main contribution of this paper is then the joint embedding of the two separate ccODP models into a neural network architecture. This neural network will have a two-dimensional output vector, as we need to simultaneously model future claim counts and future claim amounts. As starting point of the neural network calibration we use exactly the two separate ccODP models. Training of the neural network then allows us for joint modeling and mutual learning of the claim counts and the claim amounts beyond the two individual ccODP models. In particular, we follow the CANN (\underline{c}ombined \underline{a}ctuarial \underline{n}eural \underline{n}etwork) idea of \cite{WM2019} of embedding a classical actuarial regression model into a neural network.

In this paper we work with a synthetic insurance dataset generated by the individual claims history simulation machine of \cite{GW2018}. This synthetic dataset consists of individual claims from six lines of business for which we have complete information. We remark that having complete information is crucial for this project, as it allows us to back-test the newly developed claims reserving models. On the one hand, we consider separate neural network embeddings for each line of business. On the other hand, we also present a multi-triangle model where we simultaneously model all lines of business together. With such a multi-triangle model it is possible to learn additional information across the different lines of business. For implementation we use the statistical software package {\sf R}, see \cite{R2018}.
